Create PARTICIPATION_AGREEMENT.md (#1)
prometheus-community/ux-research: PARTICIPATION_AGREEMENT.md

This research is part of a [study conducted to understand how users expect to use OpenTelemetry Line Protocol (OTLP) Resource Attributes in Prometheus](https://github.com/prometheus/prometheus/issues/15909#issue-2822019640). Your participation will help improve the user experience, documentation, and adoption of OpenTelemetry in Prometheus.
## Your Involvement in the Study
- The study may involve surveys, interviews, or usability testing, depending on the research phase.
- If you participate in an interview or usability test, we will ask questions about your experience using Prometheus and OpenTelemetry.
- With your permission, we may record the session (audio and/or video) and take notes to document your responses.
## Your Participation Is Voluntary
- You may take a break or withdraw from the study at any time without providing a reason.
- If you choose to withdraw after the session, you can contact the researcher, and your data will be removed.
## How We Will Use the Research Data
- Other researchers or mentors on the project may observe sessions or review collected data for analysis.
- We may publish findings in reports, articles, or community discussions.

> - If your responses are used in any public materials, they will be anonymous, and no identifiable information will be shared.

Reviewer: If we post videos, they won't be anonymous anymore, right? Do we need to rephrase it?

## Storage of Personal Information and Session Data
- Any personal information (such as name or contact details) will be stored securely and used only for research purposes.

> - If you wish to withdraw your consent at any time, contact the primary researcher, and your data will be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you wish to withdraw your consent at any time, contact the primary researcher, and your data will be deleted from the places we've shared it.
```

## Contact
- Victoria Nduka (ndukavictoria7@gmail.com)
- Andrej Kiripolsky (andrej.kiripolsky@grafana.com)
- Amy Super (amy.super@grafana.com)
- Arthur Silva Sens (arthursens2005@gmail.com) 

> ## Your Consent
> I give my consent for (please check all that apply):
> - [ ] People to observe me during the research
> - [ ] The session audio to be recorded
> - [ ] The session video to be recorded
> - [ ] Researchers to view session recordings and notes for research and analysis

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Consent for data storage
I give my consent for (please check all that apply):
- [ ] The session audio and video to be recorded and stored for researchers to review
```

> - [ ] My anonymized responses to be included in reports, articles, and documentation

Reviewer: Should we include something about us posting video/transcript into CNCF slack channels?

Author: I agree with you on this. I also thought about it shortly after the call and wondered, if anonymized responses will be included in reports, articles, and documentation, do we still need to share full transcripts or recordings in the CNCF Slack? My concern is that having too many conditions in the agreement might complicate the consent form and discourage participation.
Would love to hear your thoughts on this. I don't clearly remember why the suggestion came up. If there’s a strong reason for posting in Slack that I may have overlooked, I’d be happy to adjust accordingly.

cc: @AndrejKiri

Reviewer: My motivation was to make your face more familiar to the community. Your work needs to be as public as possible to make you recognizable.

But you see that as a blocker for getting interviews, let's 100% prioritize getting the interviews set up correctly!

> - [ ] My anonymized responses to be included in reports, articles, and documentation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

**Sharing**
Please choose one:
- [ ] My responses and recording(s) may be shared in the open source community (CNCF Slack).
- [ ] My responses must be anonymized before being shared in the open source community (CNCF Slack).
- [ ] My responses and recording(s) may be used by the researchers only and are not shared more widely. 
```

## Your Agreement to Participate

> I consent to participate in this study and allow the researchers to collect and use data as outlined above. I understand that my personal information will be stored securely and that I can withdraw my consent at any time.<br>

Reviewer: Here is the same thing: anonymity is only guaranteed if the participant chooses that way. We may need to rephrase it.

## Your Participation Is Voluntary
- You may take a break or withdraw from the study at any time without providing a reason.
- If you choose to withdraw after the session, you can contact the researcher, and your data will be removed.
## How We Will Use the Research Data
- Other researchers or mentors on the project may observe sessions or review collected data for analysis.
- We may publish findings in reports, articles, or community discussions.
- If your responses are used in any public materials, they will be anonymous, and no identifiable information will be shared.
## Storage of Personal Information and Session Data
- Any personal information (such as name or contact details) will be stored securely and used only for research purposes.
- If you wish to withdraw your consent at any time, contact the primary researcher, and your data will be deleted from the places we've shared it.
## Contact
- Victoria Nduka (ndukavictoria7@gmail.com)
- Andrej Kiripolsky (andrej.kiripolsky@grafana.com)
- Amy Super (amy.super@grafana.com)
- Arthur Silva Sens (arthursens2005@gmail.com) 
## Consent for data storage

> I give my consent for (please check all that apply):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I give my consent for:
```

there's only one option now 😅
